# prtweeter Configuration

The configuration is saved in [edn format](http://edn-format.org/)
which should be pretty self-explanatory. It's used to store the
necessary github and twitter configuration but also to keep track of
the last PR posted, to figure out which PRs are actually new.

Even though the file is autogenerated and updated after each run you
can edit and even reformat it and add comments which will be
preserved. But you should take care to not break the general structure
or delete any keys.

Since it contains your twitter credentials you should keep this file
at a safe location and not put online in any case.

## Configuration file location

On startup pr-tweeter first
looks for a file called `.pr-tweeter.edn` in your current working
directory. If this isn't found it's read from
`$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/prtweeter.edn` if the `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` environment
variable is set, otherwise from `$HOME/.config/pr-tweeter.edn`.

If you want to use a different directory without changing
`XDG_CONFIG_HOME` you can set it as a java system property (e.g. with
the `-DXDG_CONFIG_HOME=/my/path/to/config` command line option to the
`java` command).

If you are a developer and need a specific config location the most
convenient option might be to create a `.lein-env` file in the project
root directory with these contents:

    { :xdg-config-home "/my/path/to/config" }

## Changing earliest PR which is considered for tweeting

In order to avoid publishing old PRs just because they are open a date
filter is applied. The initial earliest date considered is the time
when the configuration is created first. You might want to change this
default e.g. if you want to publish earlier PRs or only later ones.
You can configure this date via the `:earliest-pr`, whereas the
conventions of [RFC3999](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) are
followed for the date format.

Please keep in mind that these date is updated to the opening date of
the latest PR which is tweeted during a pr-tweeter run.

## Changing the limit of PRs tweeted in one run

By default a maximum of 5 PRs is tweeted per run which should be a
safeguard to avoid spamming twitter in a case of a misconfiguration.
This shouldn't be a problem since you can just issue another run if
there are unpublished PRs left. But in case you want to change this
number you can do so with the `:pr-limit-per-run` setting.

## Customizing the tweet

The default template for the generated tweet is

    {{name|abbr-ellipsis:…|abbreviate:15}} PR by {{login|abbr-ellipsis:…|abbreviate:12}} on {{created_at|date:\"M/d/yy HH:mm z\":us}}: {{title|abbr-ellipsis:…|abbreviate:60}} {{html_url}}

You can use all filters as specified by the [Selmer template
system](https://github.com/yogthos/Selmer#filters) and as exemplified
by the `created_at` date filtering above.

Since date filtering is probably the most interesting usecase, the
results of predefined format filters are demonstrated here:

     Filter               Result when applied to created_at for 2018-01-02
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
     no filter            Tue Jan 02 08:00:00 CST 2018
     date:shortDate       1/2/18
     date:shortTime       8:00 AM
     date:shortDateTime   1/2/18 8:00 AM
     date:mediumDate      Jan 2, 2018
     date:mediumTime      8:00:00 AM
     date:mediumDateTime  Jan 2, 2018 8:00:00 AM
     date:longDate        January 2, 2018
     date:longTime        8:00:00 AM CST
     date:longDateTime    January 2, 2018 8:00:00 AM CST
     date:fullDate        Tuesday, January 2, 2018
     date:fullTime        8:00:00 AM CST
     date:fullDateTime    Tuesday, January 2, 2018 8:00:00 AM CST

Note: if you use a date filter and don't specify an explicit locale
(e.g by appending `:us` to the filter) the locale settings of your
environment apply.

The default template is designed for the old 140 character limit, but
if the new 280 limit applies for you and you wish to have longer
titles included you can adapt the template accordingly. Also if the
`repo` name is implied by your twitter account its probably prudent to
leave it out.

Note: a URL always counts as 23 characters against the limit, even
when it's shortened by the automatic Twitter URL shortener service.

The list of available keywords (which can be referenced by double
curly braces in the template)  is as follows

    name        Name of the repository
    descr       Description of the repository
    login       Github login name of the PR creator
    created_at  creation date/time of the PR
    title       Title of the PR
    html_url    The browser friendy URL to the PR
    base        The branch against this PR was made
    body        The main description of the PR
    assignee    The assignee of the PR (probably empty for most new PRs)
